Electric Vehicles: is it more than a buzzwords? 
Situation:
The unit sales of Electric Vehicles market is growing exponentially while 11 million is still a decimal of 1.5 billion fuel transport.
Goal: Will electric vehicles become the mainstream of personal transport after the horse-drawn carriage and internal-combustion engines?     
Complexity:
Electric vehicles industry has extremely high barriers to entry.
Electric vehicles are more expensive to build than fuel-powered ones.
Electric vehicles face uncertainties in policy support. 
The slow construction of electric vehicle charging infrastructure limits market development.  
Step 1. Fact. 
The ongoing costs of an electric car are generally lower compared to a combustion engine car, since they have have fewer moving parts and 
fewer consumable parts, like spark plugs, oil filters or an exhaust system.
Batteries have become cheaper, vehicle ranges are improving, governments have come out with more subsidies, 
and the cost of production is coming down.
Step 2. Feeling & Intuition. 
The price of an electric car should be affordable for most of the people. 
Electric vehicles and electrification in general offer huge potential in reducing greenhouse gases. 
Considering of the safety of energy and economic impact, governments want the supply chain to stay in their own countries.  
Step 3. Negative Aspects. 
Traditional car makers are no willing to give up the market share and fuel vehicles which is the main source of their revenue now. 
The manufactures are fragile. Even if they had successfully developed electric cars, customers may not be satisfied with their products.
It takes several hours to charge the electric vehicles while it only takes several minutes to gas up a fuel car.
Step 4. Positive Aspects. 
The technologies used in electric vehicles and fuel vehicles are completely different. 
It means traditional companies and start-ups are from the same starting point. 
For new manufacturers, it the best time to overtake traditional manufacturers on a band. 
Refilling a petrol or diesel car costs on average between 19 - 21p per mile, while recharging your electric car can cost 
as little as 3p per mile for home charging.
Step 5: Creative Solutions. 
The Governments: 
1. Offering subsides to domestic car makers in the first few years. 
2. Helping to build the electric infrastructure. 
The Companies: 
1.Building irreplaceable core strength (like bactaries, digital experience etc.) 
2. Finding niches in the market where you can differentiate your products.
